here we are driver san francisco with
the nineteen sixty-nine dodge charger RT
and of course what a better way than we
had his thesis of my car i bet zr1
chargers really have you nut super fast
Betsy are one is super fast and not
one thing you notice about what's
actually Rob Ford's in the game the cops
come out worse to come with a lot of
nice cars ever saw our chargers and
projects and codes
only issue is acrobats are very strong
as it you can see mostly these cars and
ammeter and how you doing from a try to
exclude a great job and also the fact
they like to hit each other it feels
perfect products cut a bob or that's one
corvette down it has even said into it
that's what's what about the charger he
may be a really big car but it's not
that hard to ride just happen throttle
steering and brake under actually how
does Bob look the Dukes GTA or
Oh beautiful and that's why I'm just
screwing with the cops I really really
really had a great time hazards the
idiots I've home the RAM ability 12
looking for it sorry about me halfway I
will said the products come run out of
it I said I would and yep stupid over
but raised me
often times when I have below usually
forty percent how they had a provider
it's in the second round I like having
these get it was too warm for a while I
don't want to die because some douche
bag fits in this big rig
other issue is you can't you can't
select your car color thank you
the dodge charger for example has a
mouth spits up is at eight colors red
orange green violet black
gobble come but you can't dress up for
the menu so what you have to do we have
Slugger from your garage accidentally
wrong you can open it career I can say
this club offer you think of this come
on you could do that back in driver
parallel lines actually customize your
car you can customize the call of motion
I lost him to police mean you just got
mine
it is very stupid it's something really
minor but it gets irritating after one
because some cars have a lot of
different color combinations and it
totally ratted the order which
sometimes you after the show the gt500
like our use my growing enemies I'll
have it in bright light once that I'll
go to go out
that'll be blue again for my accident
arrives utterly blue get that opening
that's reddit it's just really stupid
outfits that match and yes I just got an
escalator the charger psychic cattle
sucked mopar all the way what's fun
about the charging it's it's really had
news it's heavy and strong but it's not
impeded for acceleration at all
actually fun fact charters actually
unibody comprises oh god that had her
dream unibody cars a charger just chunk
to do an estimate Sigma I was gonna hit
by a truck and then this douchebag
Camaro he gets me my backup goes around
me I back up he hits me somebody apply
soon as I shake them I want to do me a
break I know the chart I know the Camaro
was a fast car on the road but you don't
need to take it out and the piece of
lost charger guys like me alright so I'm
sure to make more of these getaways this
was quite a bit of fun talk to you all
later